In this lecture, we are going to configure Vasella files, Zila is an FTP client that allows us to
upload and download files from our server.
I've split the installation and configuration into two lectures, so please view the relevant lecture
based on your operating system.
For Mac users, you need to visit the foul on website and download the installation file, you install
Farzana in the same way as with any other software package.
Linux users, please use your package manager to download and install files in the configuration.
Steps for both Mac and Linux is identical.
I'd like you to open terminal.
Do not log into the server.
We will be using terminal locally in your home directory.
I want you to use the Mac Directory Command, M.K. Diaa.
And we want to create a directory called Files and Disco Keys.
I then want you to change to your dot ss h directory.
We want to copy our servers.
Private key.
In my case it's dÅ underscore course, underscore VPs and we want to copy to the files the Keys directory.
So it will be Sepi followed by your private key file name, double period forward slash files keys.
There is a copy of our private key.
Inside the directory files are the Keys.
I'd like you to open files folder once you've opened files and I'd like you to toggle the display off
the local tree as well as the server tree.
Those two settings take up too much real estate.
On the screen you can click, file and then site manager.
We want to create a new site.
I'm going to call it VPs.
The protocol is is FCP.
The host is your servers IP address.
Log on top will be key for the user.
That is your server username in my case, Andrew.
Key file.
You can click browse, you can click on your home directory.
Vasilakis followed by the private key.
You've been warned that the format of the private key is not supported by files and it's asking you,
would you like to convert the key?
Yes, we would.
You need to type your private key passphrase.
That will unlock your private key.
Now it's asking you for a new file name.
You are again saving the private key.
Only this time in a different format.
I'm going to save it as the private key underscore fz save.
You can click OK.
Would you like Vasella to remember your password?
Safest do not save passwords.
File side manager under my sites our site is selected.
Click Connect Unknown Host Key.
That is your server fingerprint.
You can always trust this particular host.
We have been prompted for the passphrase to unlock our private key.
And we have successfully made an s, if deep connection to our server at a later stage, I will be uploading
and downloading a few files from our server.
But at this stage, we've configured Vasella to log into our server so we can upload and download files
to navigate double click the double period at the top.
That will take you to the parent directory, which in this case would be home.
If I double click it again, it will take me back to the root directory.
There is our slash var directory.
You can also manually type a location you would like to open, in this case, slash far slash W w w.
And they are site directories, so for now, that is files in this lecture, we installed and configured
files of that.